Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Hello.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Hi, can you hear me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, great. Welcome. I'm Dr sale.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Hello, good to meet you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Can you go ahead and tell me a whole name.
nathanial kester: Nathaniel Robert Chester.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Chester okay dn.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: My name is celador hut toe Akon today, but they
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We keep it short. You call me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Dr sale like cell phone. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you have one, you remember my name.
Are you a native Ohio.
nathanial kester: Pennsylvania.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Pennsylvania. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You probably can tell I'm a
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Native of Georgia.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, sir.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. How did you learn about us.
nathanial kester: Google, I just
nathanial kester: Go, my friend.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You did. Okay.
nathanial kester: Try to get try to get on a treatment plans.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Well, thank you, thank you for
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Finding us and Ashley damn part of our team. Okay, I'm glad you here. And while you hear what one of the things I share my patients and my patients are wonderful teachers is that if anything ever comes up and if you relapse or anything like that, please run to us, don't run from us. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, okay, Dan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So what I usually do before
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any meeting. I always just want to see how you feel any
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Emotionally, any, any thoughts of hurting yourself or anyone else.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay.
nathanial kester: I will say,
nathanial kester: The other day I was thinking about breaking my hand to get some pills.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so if you did break your hand, you would
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Your next step will be what
nathanial kester: Go to the ER and get pills.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Pills and what's stopping you from doing that.
nathanial kester: I didn't want to feel pain.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm glad you did. I'm glad you didn't. And let's see what we can do to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Address, you know, the withdrawals, the feelings that you may be having
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The people morphine. That's one of the medicines we thought that the medicine we use here can provide some pain relief that's not why we give it, but we have noticed that people do observe that they have a reduction in pain. Also, okay, many times.
nathanial kester: The big reason. The only reason I haven't quit is because of withdrawal. I can't work. I can't talk to my wife, I can't do anything.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: When you're withdrawals.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
nathanial kester: I feel like they're never going to go away.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They do.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: From the patients. I've worked with. They do this the buprenorphine has worked very well helping patients deal with the withdrawals and making them feel like that they are themselves and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They actually find that they feel more like their normal self. They're not chasing a high. It's not the up in the down
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Data that my patients have said they had when they won't hear when it's sent to know. Okay.
nathanial kester: I took like five five milligram hydrocodone
nathanial kester: Doing
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
nathanial kester: Like a today.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Eight a day. Okay. And what we're gonna do, we're gonna talk about your history.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I'm gonna get your background history. So we've got a lot of questions and then from there we'll develop a plan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And what I'll do. I can calm and check in, you can call and check in with me tomorrow if you feel uncomfortable.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And but I usually like to see you at least within 48 hours. I've had some people I've seen in 24 hours so we we walk together and we talked about what's going on and how you're feeling
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The thing about the people morphine and the the the main name of the drug, you probably hear about us some box on. Have you ever been on Suboxone before
nathanial kester: Now,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so let me tell you a little bit about it before I get your history.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So it sounds like your appeal of choice was is the hydrocodone right
nathanial kester: Any kind of coding really
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay coding. Okay.
nathanial kester: And then what I bought from the online pharmacy.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, the way it usually works is with the Suboxone when it's in your body, the active ingredients list of people morphine.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That hydrocodone is bound to that receptor, the Butte buprenorphine and knock it all off, and you can go into a precipitated withdrawals. So one of the things I need to know before I give you the Suboxone is when was the last time you had hydrocodone
nathanial kester: Three days ago.
nathanial kester: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You haven't slept. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I can start you on the start and
nathanial kester: You want
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then. So I tell you what, let's get things going for you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So that you're not as uncomfortable right now. So it's going to be a series of questions you feel free to stop me and let me know if I need to address your questions. All right, I'm going to pull this up for quick minute
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. You still with me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: See if she can pull this up.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, that's good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Alright, so start with transcription. How young are you
nathanial kester: 32
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay so 32 you're young man 32 year old young man. Have you ever had a history of suicide attempt.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know, and so no history of suicide any firearms in a home.
nathanial kester: Firearms
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Mm hmm. Any firearms in home.
That
nathanial kester: Would you say that so
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you feeling depressed or very anxious at this point I
nathanial kester: am anxious
nathanial kester: Were repressed.
nathanial kester: Feelings, you know, when you get anxiety. So we're driving crazy
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, I'm feeling really stressful when it one of the benefits of this box on is that it does often help
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Because the withdrawals often cause things it a lot of anxiety when you get the medicine in here. Many people say within about 30 minutes they could feel that the ages come off. OK.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: OK, so I'll, I'll walk you through that some more. Okay, so you're 32 year old male
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And your drug of choice has been
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You would say hydrocodone
nathanial kester: This is what I've taken. I mean, I've gotten some like coding from places but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So hydrocodone owning coding
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And how did you take those medicines.
nathanial kester: I just ate them.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, did you have a snort on a try to inject them.
nathanial kester: I never injected anything like okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So mistaken by mouth.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, tell me when you those by mouth. It seems different than put in your arm makes you feel less fanatic.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. And, um, what's the max amount of hydrocodone did you take during a day.
nathanial kester: I never took more than eight
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, whether the eight five milligrams or
nathanial kester: Eight fugs
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan. So we're looking at
nathanial kester: four in the morning straight off and then
nathanial kester: Take another four
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So Max Hydra code on
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Peel was 40 milligrams a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know, Katie. And when it, you start using the hydrocodone
nathanial kester: Know six some years ago I got it prescribed
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: For on
nathanial kester: Intestinal IBS.
nathanial kester: And they gave it to me for a couple months and then after that I bought it from a friend that had it.
nathanial kester: Where I started getting it at
nathanial kester: A few online pharmacies.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so have you been using the hydrocodone consistently for three years, four years,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Six.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you say your last your last dose was two days ago.
Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And have you noticed that you've needed higher and higher doses over the past six years.
nathanial kester: Yeah, I didn't start out taking that money.
nathanial kester: I started out, you know, maybe like three
nathanial kester: And then over time it got more
nathanial kester: Captain, sometimes I'll have to take less because ship, it would be confiscated or something.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Have you ever overdosed.
nathanial kester: Now,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, do you know history of overdose know right the end. And were you spending a lot of time trying to secure the hydra code on decoding.
nathanial kester: online pharmacies and big game.
Okay.
nathanial kester: You don't know what's gonna get confiscated. What's going to happen when and basically what pushed me to to stop is this coven thing is stopped all shipments. So that's pretty much so.
nathanial kester: I figured, now's a good time to try to get off.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It is
nathanial kester: The same, but I kind of tell her a different story. Cuz she would understand. I don't want her to know, you know, because she's not living here right now she's overseas.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, okay. So it sounds like you have a good reason for for stopping because it sounds like it was getting trickier with the online pharmacy taken a lot more time and you can initiate a quality or when you could receive the material. Right.
nathanial kester: It's felony to
Write
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Dan has the opioid use disorder or using hydrocodone secretly has this impacted your relationship at work at home or anywhere.
nathanial kester: When you're on it so long. You don't remember what it's like to be off of it. I can't really tell you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What are some associated problems with using hydrocodone has it sounds like some anxiety with the withdrawal has it affected your sleep. Sounds like there's some issues with sleep also
Yeah.
nathanial kester: Sometimes, you know, sometimes I would come close to running out.
nathanial kester: Real anxious about cuz
nathanial kester: I'm under a lot of pressure. I have a lot of things that I have to take care of.
nathanial kester: Chicken.
nathanial kester: With immigration, I have to take care of things. My wife.
nathanial kester: Stressed out all the time and I have to be there for her and I kind of have to be something that I'm not sometimes something that it's hard to be good. That's part of being man part of growing up, but it's hard to do that whenever you're worried about other things.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It is it is feel comfortable and I hope you will feel comfortable just being yourself while you're talking with us. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you ever had treatment elsewhere.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay, so no history of proper treatment.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is there a history of any other drug use, like alcohol benzodiazepine nerve peels marijuana, anything like that.
nathanial kester: Two days ago.
nathanial kester: One after actually yesterday morning, I was feeling bad and mom had one had a
nathanial kester: lorazepam took one of those
nathanial kester: She had so I took it for anxiety.
I don't
nathanial kester: Normally ever take it from not interested in taking
nathanial kester: Other than to
nathanial kester: Get rid of my anxiety at that point.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Songs it
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any stimulants uppers downers or any
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Party drugs or anything like that.
nathanial kester: You want all those young
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So just the history of marijuana and how young as a teenager.
nathanial kester: Yeah, when I was 20
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan, what about alcohol any alcohol use.
nathanial kester: When I was young, I mean not
nathanial kester: Like a couple times of my friend, but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It never became a problem that became problematic for
nathanial kester: Me. I prefer not to drink it gives me bad headaches.
nathanial kester: I haven't
nathanial kester: watched it in a couple years. I haven't even taken
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And and that's good. You're saying that because one of the medicines address. We don't want you to mix with the people, nor Phoenix that alcohol that high doses to buprenorphine as a
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Very safe medicine, but there are two drugs that can take remove the safety profile of the people morphine and can result in an
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Overdose and excess amounts. One is alcohol and the other one are the benzodiazepine than European Xanax out of band Klonopin value. So the fact that you're not a drinker. That works to your advantage. Okay, so thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you've never used buprenorphine before
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. The end.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: past medical history. What is your past medical history positive for any anxiety, depression,
nathanial kester: Know,
nathanial kester: Okay, I mean I had, I had some surgeries and stuff.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, do you have any type of helps you because you never injected, but any physical health problems.
Health diagnosis.
nathanial kester: I have some problems with my stomach, but it's not it's not as bad as when I was younger.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Did they tell you why you have officers do you see lots of acid reflux.
nathanial kester: That I had symptoms of IBS.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: stomach issues IBS in childhood.
nathanial kester: Oh my 20 years
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So we'll put that as history of Abby IBS. Okay, if it becomes a problem. Again, let us know. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay past surgical history. This is the one that you said you definitely have a history right
nathanial kester: Appendicitis when I was young and then I had
nathanial kester: Pineapple cyst to those two or three panelists.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So appendectomy how how young, were you had your appendix removed.
nathanial kester: 10
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay and Paula nitel sis times too, and you've had those surgically drained.
nathanial kester: Yeah.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, anything else.
nathanial kester: Not that I can think of. I mean, I have a lot of dental work but
nathanial kester: I think that's what sparked my interest in cooking to begin with. Because when I was a kid I knocked on my teeth out
nathanial kester: And I did not insurance to pay for it and it put me on pills for a year.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's the partner history to know soda. The trauma to teeth.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Only it to using coding
nathanial kester: Here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
nathanial kester: I didn't know was it, Tom.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How are you at the time that happened.
nathanial kester: 14
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay 14 years old and they use a Cody for one year.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's important to know
Thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How about your family history. Is there a history. Like, let's start with your mom is your mom alive.
nathanial kester: Yeah, she's got cancer. She's good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, what, what type of cancer. If you my
nathanial kester: Bladder
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Bladder cancer.
nathanial kester: And she had breast cancer, some years ago.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So bladder cancer history of breast cancer is their history of a diction with your mom a mental health conditions.
nathanial kester: Know, she never been diagnosed with anything.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I know addiction history. Okay, how about your father.
nathanial kester: Oh, I think when he was young he was
nathanial kester: He was addicted to some things but
nathanial kester: He's a pastor now he doesn't really talk about much so.
nathanial kester: Okay. JOHN Let me before I married my mom. So, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so he's alive possible history of addiction.
nathanial kester: Yeah where's teenager.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Ok possible history of addiction in this team's okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Alright any siblings, a sister or brother.
nathanial kester: We got twin sisters
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And how's their health.
nathanial kester: You're good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In terms of your
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Social History, um,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You're, you're married right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah okay any kids.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, okay. No kids, you're married to a female
nathanial kester: Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, no kids.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then, um,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you smoke cigarettes.
nathanial kester: Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. All right, then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The vapor and currently. All right, then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know, right. Are you getting
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Fruits and vegetables and meat and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Some starches, a balanced diet.
nathanial kester: Not really. I mean not last couple days and many very much
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Do you have food.
nathanial kester: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, yeah, food. Okay then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Do you feel safe in your home.
Yeah, I'm saying
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. The and in terms of sex. Would you describe yourself as
nathanial kester: Heterosexual yeah okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And birth, your birth gender.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. And are you currently employed.
Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What type of work, sir.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh noes calm health. Okay. Yeah.
nathanial kester: I'm going to school to be a nurse.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. In school to be a nurse. Alright then. How far are you getting your education.
nathanial kester: Getting through my directs them to go put on pause because this stuff's going on.
So would you say some college
nathanial kester: Yeah, I mean, I'm in my first completing my first year. Okay.
nathanial kester: Pre Registered Nursing School in Oregon.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, some college to be Aryan okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I got. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let me see, we've got everything here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you're living situation.
nathanial kester: Ma with mom and dad now.
nathanial kester: Okay, but, uh, my wife comes she wants to go to New York but expensive. I thought we need to try Ohio Ohio State for a while. State College. She wants to go.
nathanial kester: She speak seven languages. She's a linguist. Maybe she wants to do some translating stuff.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's amazing.
nathanial kester: So I tell her.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: English is hard enough for me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Spanish
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's amazing. Which languages they speak.
nathanial kester: Well, she speaks Spanish, Portuguese Greek
nathanial kester: Okay Malian
Uh huh.
nathanial kester: Albanian
nathanial kester: AND SOME TURKISH
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Wow. That is great.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That is great.
nathanial kester: Like eight months you learn to speak it.
nathanial kester: And write it see
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: She has a natural gift.
Does
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah.
nathanial kester: She wants to go to be a nurse to because it's a lot of money. But I told her first her talent.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let me ask you this. Um, if you have a legal history because of
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The use of hydrocodone or any of the substances.
nathanial kester: No, no, never been in jail.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. The and what's your motivation. What's got you want me to stop.
nathanial kester: Well, mainly my wife and
nathanial kester: I'm not gonna be able to get in nursing school from addicted.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, and he definitely the employment opportunity right
nathanial kester: Yeah, you can't get a job without a drug test.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's true, especially in the medical field you're exactly right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And who's going to support you during this time, like people in your corner like route new along, who would you say your, your cheerleader. So
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: My wife. Okay.
nathanial kester: She knows that I'm
nathanial kester: Trying to get off a certain medication.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
nathanial kester: She doesn't know why she knows him. I just told her. It's a new medication that they're giving next supposed to help people.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Correctly.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know correctly.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It's helped a lot of people. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It does. And we're going to talk about that at the end. I just got to get all this information, and we'll talk about it more
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And then I'll get you started on it and I can call you back in an hour after that that you take it and definitely check in tomorrow and we'll walk through it. I'm
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Definitely. I've had people when they started to Suboxone I've seen the majority of the people they started it helps them within anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Usually people that have had the biggest problems starting were people who were using like a heroin and it was mixed with the fentanyl
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And they had a precipitated withdrawal. Okay, but I'm going to ask you a few more questions to see what your withdrawal level is and I'll give me an idea. How will you take it. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I'm part of the questions that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm asking is that the more support you have stable living
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Work the tendency, you have a tendency to do better. Okay.
nathanial kester: A lot to do.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. Okay. Do you have a primary care provider.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Nope. No. Okay, will encourage that. But we just focus on this. Now we can get you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To help you
nathanial kester: Are gonna wait till I get my curse words for I get anything like that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, says the wait for care source. How long you think that'll be for that one.
nathanial kester: I gotta wait till I get under 1200 dollars a month in order to get it after Summit for pays that same under 12
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, is that the same for Dennis no for dentists. Do you have a dentist.
nathanial kester: Don't have any teeth.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan.
nathanial kester: I mean the care source covers everything vision dental
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Vision dinner.
nathanial kester: You gotta be poor, to get it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. I've had many I've had many of my patients share that with me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm gonna do what's called a review system. I know. So far, we've had a negative suicidal or homicidal ideation negative thoughts hearing or seeing anything. Are you having any fever, night sweats, or chills.
nathanial kester: I'm sweating.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: sweating a lot. And that's part of the withdrawals. Are you feeling what's called what's known as dope sickness.
nathanial kester: Yeah, I've been throwing up and mainly the biggest thing is bother me is
nathanial kester: My legs. I can't stop moving when I
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Was like
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Alright, so my habit. Do a couple of questions.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You can just say, yes, it's a lot of questions fee. You have a night sweats to
nathanial kester: They don't. I mean, I'm sweating a lot
Okay.
nathanial kester: Please. For the past since last night, anyway.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay beads of sweat on your face and browse which route streaming down your face, which one would you say
nathanial kester: It's not consistent, but every now and then I get the visa sweat and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Damn.
I
nathanial kester: Put a blanket on and I got to have to get off.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You have to get off are you, restless restless, I am
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You look like
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And that's normal for withdrawal. Are you feeling it. Is it difficult for you to sit still.
nathanial kester: Yeah, I could definitely can't lay down and I can't watch TV. I can't sit there and talk to my wife and I can. You can do anything. Just
nathanial kester: Get up and down and look around.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And these are good signs that when we start to buprenorphine that you should tolerate it. Well, and that's why we want to be very thorough first do no harm. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you having any paying previously.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I. Are you having some pain.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That you believe is caught due to not having hydrocodone
nathanial kester: No, no. Well, I don't know. I put this muscle rub on my legs kind of helps or not.
Okay, Dan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you have a mouth or severe Akin of your joints.
nathanial kester: They're not aching there. They just want restless restless legs.
nathanial kester: Okay, let's look
nathanial kester: Like a tingle or something like unusual and jump.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Mm hmm. I get that a lot with the when you go on through withdrawals runny nose, tearing up
nathanial kester: Oh really,
nathanial kester: Okay, runny nose.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Runny nose. Okay, Dan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, stomach upset cramps, nausea, loose do diarrhea, vomiting,
nathanial kester: Not through a couple times last night.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you having any cramps, nausea, loose stools now.
nathanial kester: My stores always lose because I have to take laxatives
OK.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I can you hold your hands out. Let me see you have any tremors.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, looks like you do have some tremors are you seeing some tremors.
nathanial kester: Yeah, they just shake because
nathanial kester: It is
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Since we've been talking. Have you been yawning. Have you yonder anything
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How you feeling anxious increased anxiety, I can say some anxiety.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any Goosebumps if you rub your hands, hands on your arm so you feel any goosebumps.
nathanial kester: Maybe a little bit
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, okay. Do
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Not right so 345 678-910-1112 1314 1516 1718 so your cow score, even though we're not face to face is an 18
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So that's looking at the clinical opiate withdrawal scale. So the higher the score is letting us know that when we start this medicine issue be really help you out. Okay, so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The hydrocodone is often receptors. So we shouldn't have any problems. Okay, we're getting closer to the finish line. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You can just tell me I'm a read a couple of things you can tell me yes for the ones that are there. So no fever, no nights where it's yes which yields, any coal and tolerance of
Fatigue.
nathanial kester: Fatigue.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, yes. But fatigue changes in your way, increase thirst or anything.
nathanial kester: No more thirsty.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Thursday. Okay, any changes to your vision loss of vision blurry vision double vision read I
nathanial kester: Know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Anyone eyes.
nathanial kester: A little bit read
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They look good and white to me today, but I know it may change from this morning, our ears difficult to hearing, hearing loss drainage ringing in the ears.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Any nasal congestion. I know you said you were having some runny nose.
nathanial kester: Runny nose.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Runny nose. Okay, Dan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any shortness of breath coughing up blood coughing up sputum.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know, chest pain heart racing shortness of breath of problems when you lay down to sleep, difficulty breathing swelling and your legs.
nathanial kester: I mean difficulty laying down my legs.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The restless legs.
nathanial kester: And arms.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Your arms.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now when you're taking a hydro code on that went away. Yeah.
nathanial kester: It wasn't there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so it'll go away with the buprenorphine. Are you having any
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Stomach pain Rector pain bomb and and constipation, diarrhea,
nathanial kester: Not, not consistently.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, but you say you have chronically loose to any burning with your nation bloody you yearn anything which your bladder going on.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Any changes in your skin rash changing texture nails hair dry skin itching new most anything like that.
No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: For the muscle musculoskeletal you having a restless leg and your legs and arms are you having most muscle cramps or anything.
nathanial kester: It's mainly just restless legs and arms.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, difficult to walking limping
nathanial kester: Know, sometimes like Twitch.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Twitch and neurological headaches vertigo lightheadedness, feigning my headaches.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, nothing else. Um, psychiatric changing your mood, depression, sadness, anxiety, a positive for anxiety.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, then any easy bruising.
nathanial kester: Know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Anything else that we did not cover.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, are you on any medicines now.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, no.
Allergies
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any prescription meds.
nathanial kester: No, no prescription tunnel.
nathanial kester: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Tylenol PM can be careful with the Tylenol PM, the Benadryl at high dose will give some people restless legs.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Legs started jumping
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Wanted a negative side effects. I've asked some patients. All I did was stop the banner drill and naked sleep at night.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, put them to sleep, but certain doses. So a lot of people 50 milligrams and the lakes just jump all night.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So just be careful. Um, any allergies to Madison's
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Non okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So no known drug allergies. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you able to bathe yourself dress yourself. Eat yourself toilet yourself transfer from one room to the other.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: DAY HE TELL ME WHERE YOU ARE IN TODAY'S DATE.
nathanial kester: Today's flushing Ohio. Today's Wednesday.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Mom.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Or year
They
nathanial kester: May 20
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan, you know, the data ma
nathanial kester: Forget 13th.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: day of the week.
nathanial kester: Wednesday.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Good job. So your cow score was 18 we discussed what that is pretty high withdrawals when you do finally get a primary care doctor, even if you have a way to check your vital signs at home with a blood pressure cuff. If I could see that one day I'll put that in your chart. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Physical exam will go ahead and put in a normal physical exam and I'll make adjustments. Once I get your arm. Once I get your note transcribed. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I don't see your eyes look good, nice and white. I can tell you do have some anxiety. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So definitely opioid use disorder. I know that you do vapor
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Alright, the end and your plan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I do want to go ahead and start you at bright heart health and start doing your medications. Okay, we do need to obtain labs urine drug screen liver function tests hepatitis check if a civil is HIV a CBC with do check your kidney function. All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The way it works, too, is that you will be seeing me for weekly
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: group meetings.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You'll be with me and therapists weekly that's weekly. You'll also be doing individual therapy, the therapy sessions are very important and that's two times a month.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I'll remind you, this is a lot of information. Don't feel like you have to take any and right now we will remind you, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We will check your drug screens at least once a month, and I do pull your history yours once a month. Okay. Alright, so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now we're at a point where we're going to start your medicines is their pharmacy where I want where you want your medicine sent
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You can be looking at
nathanial kester: Make sure they got regular hours. I don't know what the hours have changed.
nathanial kester: Usually it's Walmart.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: If you could give me the phone.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Number and the address.
nathanial kester: Okay.
nathanial kester: Five. This is the address 50739 Valley Plaza.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Ma LL y
nathanial kester: But
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How do you spell Malley is ma li, li
nathanial kester: Ve family.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Bali BA LL y
nathanial kester: Yeah, la, la plaza Dr Street.
nathanial kester: Drive then st Claire's will
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay spell that
nathanial kester: Just
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: St Claire's meal.
nathanial kester: Yes, just St. Joe A i r s t I ll e
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: St Claire's ville. Hi. Oh, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What's the zip
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 439503950 and you have a phone number.
nathanial kester: 740
nathanial kester: Okay 695
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 88413 740-695-8413 okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. Okay, so this is the way it's going to work.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We're going to start low and go slow.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The medicine is Suboxone that's what you're going to take. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Imma start with the two milligram tablets right you put one under your tongue, you can probably let it dissolve on your tongue. Try not to have anything to eat. You tell people about what is about 30 to 50 minutes beforehand what 30 to 50 minutes afterwards.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Tang abundant you put the medicine of under your tongue deep in one of the pockets upon today. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you hold it up on the day or at least 10 minutes just hold it and what it's going to do is going to dissolve.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you're going to absorb the people now offering subliminally and and get into your by now, after doing that for 10 or 15 minutes. Don't swallow in thing because all of that. Got to get inside your body. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And then don't swallow into after 10 or 15 minutes. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Some people swallow some people have to spit it out. I usually tell people just go ahead and swallow it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: At about 30 minutes. A lot of people say they may notice a difference. Some people may take for an hour.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You can repeat it again that two milligrams again.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In an hour and you can continue to take and I'm gonna put this on your instructions take up to 16 milligrams a day.
nathanial kester: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you can do like every two to four hours to four hours. Okay, it's going to be on your prescription two to four hours, you take the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: two milligrams up to 16 milligrams a day.
nathanial kester: You know the price.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I do not
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I do not know the price.
nathanial kester: On good Rx or not.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I've had several patients that have used the good Rx card.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And it's been effective.
nathanial kester: Film right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Well, it depends on what's going to be cheaper. When I speak with them. I'll find out what's going to be cheaper. I've had places where the film was cheaper to taps were cheaper.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So with your
nathanial kester: Your screen view right you put on your tongue.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is the same way. So I'll find out what the cheaper options are.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Usually I've gone. The, the tablets were cheaper from my experience. Okay. And so two milligrams under your tongue 10 to 15 minutes you can take the second two milligrams under your tongue. An hour later and then two milligrams every two to four hours as needed.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What most people say is that when they take it and it's effective. They noticed that the withdrawals and anxiety is like they they can calm themselves down it's starting to start to feel your center coming in. Okay, you start to feel the withdrawals and the shakiness subside. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And starting off will allow you to basically touch rate yourself up to 60 milligrams a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And what what that does is it allows you to be like okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I've already taken six milligrams and my withdrawals are really bad. I still cannot sleep. I'm still nauseous. I'm still sick and my restless leg is still really bad is so bad I need another two milligrams. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now, some people may need more than 60 milligrams
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. The reason I'm going up to 60 milligrams is best, the dose where they say that usually best that your
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Hope your receptors are covered. And that will take care of your withdrawals. So I like to try to take care of your withdrawals and get you as comfortable as quickly as possible. Okay.
nathanial kester: Okay, yeah.
nathanial kester: Some other work today. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You couldn't get out of work.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. All right.
nathanial kester: So you have to go to work afterwards.
nathanial kester: I don't have a choice.
nathanial kester: Go.
All right.
nathanial kester: tomorrow and the next day.
nathanial kester: And the next day off is Sunday.
nathanial kester: And then I think I got Monday.
nathanial kester: And
nathanial kester: Monday. I'll be able like through the day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So what time
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What time do you Thank you baby to start your medicine. Are you trying to delay.
nathanial kester: I want to, I want to start as soon as possible.
Okay.
nathanial kester: Do you think I'll be able to go to work.
nathanial kester: At work.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I think you will be better trying to medicine going to work and not
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now one of the side effects. I've had people say is headache.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So if you're prone to a headache. Some people notice that they get a headache and the benefit of starting a low dose. Usually if there's gonna be a negative side effects is not as bad as starting with the eight or 60 milligrams. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Take you some ibuprofen with you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Does it
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: See, well it make you feel dizzy.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay I can't predict how it's gonna make you feel I'm basing this on my experience of doing this for over like two years that most people have felt better.
nathanial kester: Last Sunday, which was
nathanial kester: Go away. And I'd be nothing for work anyway.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, and that's that's what most patients have shared with me and you have an option to take it up every the second dose, you can take within an hour to four milligrams. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And once you feel that you're at a steady state.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Then you can hold there or you can say okay I may need to in the next two to four hours. I may need another dose. Okay, we give you the option to determine
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now, if money is a cost. I can call in because that'll be 246-810-1214 says data be eight pills. So what call me and like a number 16 and today is Wednesday and I like to try to meet with you again on Friday.
nathanial kester: Friday I work from
nathanial kester: I leave here today, morning and I don't get back to a evening.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I don't I stop seeing patients at nine o'clock at night.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I can fracking do 8:30pm okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You're 3830
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So that will be 13 1415 so that'd be 515
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I see you again to checking in. The other thing is that we have a group. I don't know if you're going to be available to stay at one, we have our weekly group meetings, are you able to come to stay at one
nathanial kester: Tuesdays. My it's my work day I work from
nathanial kester: Nine.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To 39 to 230
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So as soon as you could come what be Tuesday at three huh
nathanial kester: Yeah, Tuesday. Well, yeah. Three. Three.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you, you wouldn't be able to break and even do anything on your phone.
nathanial kester: I don't have like the only internet access. I have is my connect to Wi Fi.
Connected
nathanial kester: They don't have any Wi Fi someplace to do
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, so we'll, we'll work on that you may just have to see see see me again. But we'll get us establish with a group in a day or so. But let's just plan. I'll see you this Friday 8:30pm
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: For 48 hour follow up. You can call me if you need to talk with me tomorrow, you can call and talk to me tomorrow, and I, I am here to nine o'clock so if anything happens and you need to reach out to me beforehand.
nathanial kester: You can turn off Friday. Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Friday at 8:30pm
nathanial kester: How, how many days is a script good for
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Two days. And if you don't use all your peers, you have extra because you get the tie treated as you go.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But I'm covering you for at least two days 60 milligrams a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Because that's the most we start with okay because I don't want you to be going through withdrawals and and we're here to counsel you and coach you along the way. If you need anything, okay.
nathanial kester: So Friday, I have to get more or how does it work.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So Friday, I will give you more. I'll call them more
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Friday night, I thought
nathanial kester: They said they said like once a week, you have to pay $75 for management or something.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I don't, I don't know about the building part. So you'd have to give them a call about that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah. One of the other things to be careful forest constipation and some people get nauseous on this mess. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Usually the longer you use it, the better. Sometimes the lower doses help people and many times. If you have any headaches ibuprofen helps arm you know doing the normal things that you would do for discomfort and I've had people not have problems from it. Okay. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, if it affects your thinking. If you have any thoughts of harming yourself. Anyone else I've not had that problem.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let us know it can affect your hormones long term okay in terms of testosterone. So that's one of the reasons I want you to get with a primary care, keep those levels CIT
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's not something that happens immediately but long term we do notice that, and everyone is different. I can't predict every negative side effect. That's one of the reasons, while we talk. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Stay hydrated. Drink lots of water on this medicine. Keep the poops off so you don't get constipated.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, yeah. So we talked about just honestly we start talking about stomach issues here. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I believe that's pretty much everything that we need to cover and I'll make certain that I get everything in for you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That you're going to need. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Did you have any more questions for
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Me and if you think of something later and you need to call in. I'm Dr sale like cell phone and I'm available to nine o'clock at night. Okay. From one to 9am I used to work hours, five days a week.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Sounds good. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, once I get off the phone. I'm getting your medicine. And so it shouldn't be a delay at all.
nathanial kester: How long should I wait to go pick it up.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: As soon as I finished with you as long as I don't have any problems getting your pharmacy in our plan to get that done within the next 10 to 15 minutes and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Joe McCall that is there and then you can go pick it up.
I really
nathanial kester: Given this medication because
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I've not
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I've had one patient say that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: There was concerned that they were going to have enough of the medicines.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Pay it one person state it, but I remember before this call, but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Some of the pharmacies that we were talking to, at that point in time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: With my other group. They were preparing to try to stop more the sub tasks and Suboxone so that they didn't run out. So I think people are more prepared now. So this was back in March. This is
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: A NAP believe a lot of people more better prepare for what this big pandemic.
nathanial kester: Yeah.
nathanial kester: I'm gonna leave for work and an hour. Okay, well,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Go ahead.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yep, I'll get that as soon as we get off the phone. Okay.
nathanial kester: Thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Thank you, sir.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Mom, if anything comes, you know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Comes up. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, you'll be blessed.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You too.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
nathanial kester: Leave
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You go ahead and log off. I have to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Finish transcribing your chart.
nathanial kester: Okay, thank
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You welcome.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I see, I believe that we have, I believe that you have everything for the HMP we discussed the plan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: C we discussed all of that data is preventive care educated him on how to take these box home will also call in our can for him.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: He was advice to start a Suboxone two milligrams
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To 2.5 milligrams. Take a dose repeating one hour and he could ingest a justice those every two to four. Add a two milligrams every two to four hours as needed for his comfort level up to 60 milligrams a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: next appointment with Dr. Say,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Next medical form will be with Dr sale on May 15 at 8:30pm PM Eastern Standard Time this Friday patient was asked to notify
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: By her health if he had any complications with his induction.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Patient was offered a group for Tuesdays at one o'clock. However, he states that he works from nine to 30 currently he is not able to attend one of our groups that is available.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: His medications will be sent to our Walmart five or 739 ballad plaza drive st Claire's feel Ohio 4395 or in a dictation.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The time but the time is 250 start times two o'clock. Stop towns to 50 invitation.